recipe detail sponsor banner customization (#21)
miamtech/mealz-documentation: docs/android/features/_shared/_custom-views/recipeDetail/RecipeDetailSponsorBanner.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

### SponsorBanner

> To create your own recipe detail sponsor banner template you have to create class that implement `RecipeDetailSponsorBanner`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create your own recipe detail sponsor banner template you create a class that implements `RecipeDetailSponsorBanner`
```
